---
slug: "/week-notes/20210322"
date: "2021-03-22"
title: "20210322"
type: "week-note"
---
## Week 3 - 22nd March 2021

We kicked off this week by welcoming our new content designer, Rose, to the team. We also had a useful Steering Group meeting first thing with our stakeholders and discussed gaining some primary care input, which will be great. 

This week we have been interviewing school mental health leads and we have had a variety of feedback ranging from the prototype being not useful at all to really useful! We’ve learnt that the difference of needs between user groups goes beyond age (i.e. young people vs adults) and relates more to the level of previous knowledge and experience with mental health services. More granularity in the questions and filters would be needed for the service to feel useful to MH Leads, whereas the needs of parents and young people might be similar. We also had a session to draft some names for the service. We’ve settled on 'Find support to help you with your mental health’ for now.

The design team have been talking about where to focus our attention given we're half way through the first sprint. We've decided on getting the service A-Z, text-based service discovery and self-referral pathway agreed with the clinical team, and move the rest of our time to drafting, testing and finalising a site structure and wireframes for the “website” element of the MVP. The Dev team started work on getting the full list of services into a non-CMS data store.
 
The engineering team conducted a technical spike of the preferred CMS candidate, Wagtail, to investigate the functionality and capabilities provided by the tool, as well as to determine the feasibility of using the tool for the project, particularly in regards to pipeline integration and ongoing maintenance requirements. The spike led to the conclusion that a significant amount of additional research would be necessary to properly incorporate Wagtail within the solution - an amount of research that would not be feasible to conduct during this phase of the project while developing the other key features of the service. The plan therefore is to develop a content access API that will initially be backed by an integration with DynamoDB to perform create, find, update and delete on a selection of content tables. The API will be developed in such a way that the implementation can be interchanged with a Wagtail integration once the remaining unknowns have been resolved.
 
The engineering team then went on to make the necessary adaptations to the AWS infrastructure to provide the required DynamoDB tables and establish secure connectivity to DynamoDB from the application servers. This process posed a number of challenges and presented an as yet unresolved issue that occurs when attempts are made to remove Internet access from the application servers. Investigating this issue has delayed the team by several hours, leading to an additional engineer being requested to focus on resolving this issue, allowing the rest of the team to return to development of the application itself. The team spent the remainder of the week developing the static page for the full list of services as well as the foundation of the proposed Content Access API.
